have you ever wanted to be Lou from
unbox therapy or anyone else for that
matter today's video a little bit
different this is a fun one there's this
software in the news right now that's
gained a little bit of attention it's
something called deep fakes and for the
uninitiated it's this software that
basically allows for face swapping so
we've seen face swapping before at a low
level we've seen on the Instagram app
we've seen it on snapchat but this thing
has some pretty high-level face swapping
it's machine learning to create face
swap to videos now in the past you
needed a little bit of knowledge of
coding and just an understanding of how
all this stuff works to be able to work
with it but a user on reddit created
this application that totally simplified
the process you basically shove some
images into this thing it uses your GPU
and it spits out a fake video so I took
one of Lou's videos a loop from unbox
therapy took one of his videos took one
of my videos ran it through the program
and I let it do its thing now the
computer used to do this was the most
powerful computer have access to it's a
thread Ripper system 16 cores 64 gigs of
ram a pair of gtx 1080p eyes it's a
pretty powerful system so this
particular application is called fake
app and it does three things the first
thing is extraction it identifies and
pulls faces out of your source files so
I'm using video footage here it'll find
the faces and then take a snapshot of
them the second thing this app does is
something called Train and this is where
the magic happens I think this is where
the deep machine learning takes your
reference images from different facial
angles different facial expressions
lighting conditions a whole bunch of
different types of facial images and
then through deep learning it creates a
model and this process takes a very long
time basically the longer it runs for
the better the image quality will be so
I've been running the training for about
nine or ten hours with the two videos
now the last thing this thing does is
converting and this is where it takes
the model that that's created and
creates still images with that model so
I've been running this application
overnight I literally ran it overnight
and I have not looked at these images
before I'm about to I've done the
conversion and we're about to go in and
see this for the first time now I was
actually gonna go through these images
first just to make sure that it worked
but I just trusted the process because
it looked like the algorithm was doing
its thing and I really want to share
this reaction with you guys okay
let's do this so what I've setup right
now is I have my macbook it's obviously
not running on this I have this running
TeamViewer and we're gonna access the PC
that did all the
another thing to keep in mind as I did
this in 720p obviously the higher
resolution would have been better but it
will just killed the training and
rendering time so I'm just gonna go with
what we have your wanna see what this
looks like okay so it obviously didn't
do a perfect job we're seeing like some
artifacts obviously oh my gosh okay I'm
gonna convert this into videos we it
strings out properly and I'll take a
look at it then okay so I've run the
still images through premier just to
string it into a video file we're gonna
take a look at it I don't think it came
out that great oh my god I have a
feeling that lose face and the way that
his lighting conditions are on a set are
so different from my kind of typical for
the algorithm to kind of read it
properly and do it properly but it's so
okay no the application allows you to
actually reverse it so if they can take
my face and put it on lose face and lose
video so I'm gonna be right back do the
same thing but on his videos okay we're
back now keep in mind this is 720p I
really wish this was like high res but
[Laughter]
they got the glasses and everything oh
man this is so good okay I like this one
more I don't you guys do but this one
looks better to me then when lose face
was in my videos this is so good from a
functionality standpoint I mean you
noticed the battery pack you're kind of
a weary I mean it feels like you have a
wallet in your pocket sort of oh I feel
like it will hurt this pretty days all
right
I've been to another run so I'm gonna do
someone else I want to do
someone who's got like a bigger facial
prescence on their scene like Jon from
TLD he's really close to the camera I
want to see if it's like better image
quality now I don't have that much time
for the end of the workday probably like
six seven hours before I have to leave
so I'm gonna run it and at before I
leave work today I'm just gonna play it
just to see what it looks like I'm so
curious okay this is so weird well see
you later okay so it's been around five
hours of training with John and my
footage I really wish you'd make it go
longer but it's pretty late in the
workday ready and I got to get home so I
just had to end it short five hours I
mean looking at the clips the still
images it looked okay it's not I'm gonna
be amazing but I want to see what it
looks like and here we go John on my
face this one's pretty convincing like
John's eyes are I think he has bigger
eyes than is weird it looks like a
mutated version of John my channel so it
looks like this program did a better job
putting John's face on my head than lose
face I think it's because John and I
look more alike not that we looked the
same or anything but because Lou has
glasses he's got a beard it's just more
difficult for the program to kind of
figure everything out but it's somewhat
convincing with John's face I mean it's
obviously fake but it looks more
believable than lose but it's pretty
cool I think it's so weird still this is
crazy I feel like I could download all
of John's videos and just put my face on
them because it's reasonably convincing
I think with enough training time this
would look pretty good a couple things
if you're interested in doing this thing
first you need NVIDIA
it won't work with an AMD card you need
CUDA Corso and video card secondly and
the big one is be responsible with your
content obviously you can do some fun
stuff with it like this but you can do
some terrible malicious stuff with it as
well so be just be responsible
understand that this is people's privacy
and stuff John and Lou and my friends so
they're obviously cool with this but
don't be a jerk with it okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs be liked
it subs if you loved it see you guys
next time
you